# This is application development ver 1.1 ----- by e1800936

This application offers a possibility to turn a Raspberry Pi as a sound
device. The application comes with 2 functions: a sound collector and a
test tone generator.

List of content
	1. Configuration Instructions
	2. Installation Instructions
	3. Operating Instructions
	4. List of Files
	5. Copyright / Copyleft
	6. Contact Info.
	7. Credits and Acknowledgements

1. Configuration Instructions :
	This application development course is done in the linux with the RPI and the cables.
	

2.Installation Instructions:
	For the installations of SD card. First of all, you should copy Rasbian OS to SD-card. For this
	you should download Noobs image of ZIP file. This file is over 1 GB.For the installation you need 
	power cable, monitor cable, RPI, USB keyboard. After booting it you should change some of the settings
	such as the keyboard functions which should be the finnish keyboard.After setting all the layout you
	 should reboot your device. 

3.Operating Instructions:
	This project has two operating methods of testing the sound project.One is by the sound collector and 
	other is by testTone generator.
	a. Steps for the sound collector
		After properly creating the all the files such as main.c sound.c sound.h with proper source code 
		format, first we makeclean the file. After that we make the file. If it runs properly then process 
		further and run the project with ./sound.out.And if it doesn't run properly then there could be some
		faults which it shows.To stop the program ctrl+C should be clicked at a time.

	b.Steps for the tesTone generator
		First run the command ./sound.out arg  after the command it will as ask about the number of channels
		either 1 or 2. After this we need to create one folder on our u drive with command "scp testTone.wav
		e1800936@shell.puv.fi". Then the sound comes from the microphone. If the frequency is set higher the 
		pitch of the sound will be higher and  vice versa.

4.List of Files
	All together there are 11 files we created for the project. There are 5 files with .c and 3 files with .h.
	Similarly we created README, makefile, sound.php files for this project. Files are listed below:
	a. README
	b. comm.c
	c. comm.h
	d. main.c
	e. makefile
	f. screen.c
	g. screen.h
	h. sound.c
	i. sound.h
	j. sound.php
	k. testcurl.c		

5.Copyright/copyleft:

6.Contact Info:
	My student ID at VAMK is e1800936. Similarly, my email address is e1800936@edu.vamk.fi.
	

7.Credits and Acknowledgemnts:
	This course has weight of 4 credits. Grading is done by the proper submission of projects with proper 
	source code format. In this readme all the informations about the project is described.This course is 
	conducted by Chao Gao. This course has been completed with the completion of the sound project.
